# nagorckaさん

[オリジナル記事](https://www.wendishheritage.org.au/nagorcka-weekend-at-tarrington/)
Waltanna

In 1975, James Nagorcka built his first four-wheel drive tractor using components from various manufacturers. He did this because he was frustrated at the difficulty he was experiencing in obtaining an articulated tractor to use on his farm. The interest generated by his tractor led to the assembling of a second tractor for another farmer, and the accidental establishment of a tractor manufacturing business, ‘Waltanna Tractors’ on his farm. The early Waltanna models were 175 hp, but later tractors ranged in power from 300hp to 400hp. Approximately 175 of this first series of tractors were built.

In 1985 Ford Australia negotiated with James and his wife June to build a new series of articulated tractors. Although Waltanna was a small business, employing no more than 12 staff, they were able to manufacture 45 FW (Ford Waltanna) tractors during the 2 years duration of the contract with Ford.

Waltanna continued the production of their other tractor models until 1989 when tractor manufacture ceased due to the unreliable supply of components from overseas, and the unfavourable influence of Government import taxes. By this time, Waltanna was producing rubber tracked tractors, based on an idea James had conceived in 1983.

Waltanna produced 13 rubber track system tractors before they ceased tractor production altogether in 1992. From 1972 until 1992, Waltanna produced a total of 223 tractors. Since 1992 the rubber track design invented by James has been taken to other companies, with most of the major tractor manufacturers requesting their assistance with the development of their own rubber track systems.

There is a bright future for Waltanna as their rubber track system is not restricted to use in agriculture only, but is applicable to many other industries. The technology has been applied to machinery in the timber industry, and in oil exploration in countries as diverse as Saudi Arabia and Alaska.

James and June Nagorcka, together with their son Michael and his wife Bron, have gained organic certification for their ‘Waltanna Farms’, and in 2007 launched a range of organic oils which are marketed under the brand ‘Waltanna Gold’. They are produced from a variety of flaxseed bred, grown and processed on their farm.
